---
title: "Week 6.  14/09/2020"
excerpt: "Acustic Teleoperator Websim"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Websim Acustic teleoperator"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- Testing websim
tags:
- websim
- audio recognition
- tensorflowjs
- d1 kibotics
- week 6

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---

This week I had to do:

1. Understand the D1 Kibotics how works simcore, brains and JavaScrip-Editor. --> I have a look at all the files that are part of the Kibotics D1 and trying to understad how Kibotics works. More or less
2. Making a 'Acustic Teleoperator' Robot has to understand Go, Stop and other word for Back with the tutorial I made of TensorFlowjs audio recognition. --> Before anything I had to know what word is predicted in the audio recognition tensorflowjs

In this code:
[...]

        recognizer.listen(({scores}) => {
         // Turn scores into a list of (score,word) pairs.
         scores = Array.from(scores).map((s, i) => ({score: s, word: words[i]}));
         console.log(scores);
         // Find the most probable word.
         scores.sort((s1, s2) => s2.score - s1.score);
         document.querySelector('#console').textContent = scores[0].word;
        //Te most likely word
          console.log(scores[0].word);

        //Position of go:   words.indexOf(2)
        //'go'= words[words.indexOf('go')
        // 'stop'= words[words.indexOf('stop')
        // My BACK is SEVEN ' seven '= words[words.indexOf('seven') 
        
        if (scores[0].word == words[words.indexOf('go')]){
          var texto = 'ADELANTE!!';
          var h1 = document.getElementById("palabra");
          h1.innerHTML = texto;
          console.log(texto);
          localRobot.setV(0.9);


        }else if (scores[0].word == words[words.indexOf('stop')]){
          var texto = 'PARAAAA!!';
          var h1 = document.getElementById("palabra");
          h1.innerHTML = texto;
          console.log(texto);
          localRobot.setV(0);


        }else if (scores[0].word == words[words.indexOf('seven')]){
          var texto = 'Atrás!!';
          var h1 = document.getElementById("palabra");
          h1.innerHTML = texto;
          console.log(texto);
          localRobot.setV(-0.9);
        [...] 
        
        
Then I saw the examples of teleoperators in the kibotics D1 platform and they didn't work because the build folder was missing so I copy the build folder in to the teleoperators folder and everything worked!!!.
My model is based on the drone.html of this teleoperators so I insert my new code in the js folder --> in teleop.js I insert my audio recognition code when the robot is loaded. 



Here is the video of how works:    
'GO' is going onward Robot.setV(0.9).
'STOP' is going 0 velocity Robot.setV(0) so the robot stops.
'SEVEN' is going back Robot.setV(-0.9).

<iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/DcwJzCOE4kI" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>



* Problems/Issues: I have some problems with the audio recognition with the noise of the computer fan when Websim is running.

The next week goals are:

1.Refine Acustic Teleoperator: 

	-Include a fence or wall or futbol goal
	-Try with training model, record examples.
	Also, try Physics Motor of Natalia Monforte.

2.Inicial soundtrack in JavaScript Editor.

