---
title: "Week 13.  02/11/2020"
excerpt: "Optimize Reconizer Studing Teachable Machine .listen() & D3 Competitive Exercises SERVER"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Optimize Reconizer Studing Teachable Machine recognizer.listen() & D3 ASYNC Competitive Exercises SERVER"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- websim
tags:
- websim
- kibotics-webserver
- d3 kibotics
- week 13

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/week8.png
    image_path: assets/images/week13.png
    alt: "image 1"


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---

This week I had to do:

1. Optimize Acustic Teleoperator including a Vumeter/Studing Teachable Machine and how works recognizer.listen()-->
I tried some things and I can't analize or duplicate the stream of/for Teachable Machine beacuse recognizer.listen() include getUserMedia and I can't change it. I couldn't use the VU because I can not use two streams of audio.
Despite this I have tried to optimize my Acustic Teleoperator with a counter, I thought that count the times the model predict _background_noise_ could optimize my model.
What I have done is counting the times that the model predicts background_noise and if it detect about 10 times in a row, the model stops predicting and I added a continue analizing button if you need to start the recognition again, this optimize the model because the recognizer stops a second and also stops the analisis if you don't say nothing. The time and the times of background noise can be modified.
  
This is how it works:
 <iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/ucFZ2fNMu3o" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>
 This is my new main function: 
 
       async function listen() {
              document.getElementById("listen_again").style.visibility = 'hidden';
              //--------TEACHABLE MACHINE--------------
              const recognizer = await createModel();
              const classLabels = recognizer.wordLabels(); // get class labels
              //const labelContainer = document.getElementById("label-container");
              const word = document.getElementById("prediction");
            //  for (let i = 0; i < classLabels.length; i++) {
              //    labasync function listen() {elContainer.appendChild(document.createElement("div"));
              //}

             var id = setInterval(() => {if(noise_times <= 10){analizar(recognizer,classLabels,word)}else{
                setTimeout(() => {console.log("SE ACABOOO")
                  word.innerHTML = "The most probable word: " ;
                  clearInterval(id);
                  document.getElementById("listen_again").style.visibility = 'visible';
                  //Robot Control opcional
                  //localRobot.setV(0);
                  //localRobot.setW(0);
                  //localRobot.setL(0);
                }, 10000);
              }}, 10150);

      }
 

2. Server Gamming in my D3 Async competive exercises --> I had a little time to dedicate to this goal but I compare kibotics-units I saw the files and I don't understand why the page dont load beacuse i think it can be the files views.py and urls.py and I don't know how to run the page. I manage the permisions and this is what says in th competitive and shared exercises in admin_dummy user.
{% include gallery caption="exercise Scratch SSFo1014" %}

 
The next week goals are:
1.Understand one normal exercise of the production kibotics, dual screen.
2. Put in operation an ASYNCRONOUS EXERCISE talking with Pablo.
