---
title: "Some Weeks.  2/10/2023 - 23/10/2023"
excerpt: "Seddi Author"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves Fitting"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- beziercurves
- fitting
tags:
-seddi author


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:
- Talk with Alejandro and Ivan about the new microfrontend for my proyect
- Landing in SEDDI Author > Finally I have contract with the university and permissions to use Seddi Author locally.
- Read Brouet Paper 

To implementing the curve modification as a function of size and user preferences.

Here I have sketched a very simple set of parameters to start the conversation:
-A-B are the connection points set by the hole and the front-back panels sewing line.
-C-D would be a user preference, to change the shape of the curve depending on the desired shoulder shape. This is a very simple curve model, probably not enough, but even with two coordinates, I don't know which X,Y  positions (C,D params)  make sense for valid sleeve shapes. Are there any general guidelines or shaping rules that we can analyze to create a minimal (but expressive) set of "control sliders"? Any thoughts?

Harrison Response:
From the most basic, naive point of view, yes, this is what is happening when editing a sleeve cap. The sleeve must fit into the armhole so you modify C and D to get them to match. But this is not what is affecting the design or shoulder shape.
You are operating with the assumption that Sleeve Cap Height and Bicep Width are constant, already determined by the user. To actually design a sleeve the user will need to modify these 2 parameters. They are connected to one another and the measurements of the front and back armhole, to result in the correctly fitting sleeve.
This is the video I shared in the meeting the other day, she does a great job of explaining this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck4banhe36k&list=LL&index=1
Sleeve Cap Height and Bicep Width are the control sliders we should expose to the user. The system must be smart enough to update the other parameters based on what the user inputs.
Some other things that must be taken into account:
1. The front and back armhole are almost never the same, so the curve will be different on the front sleeve cap and back sleeve cap
2. The notches on the sleeve cap must match to the notches on the armhole curves
3. Where the sleeve cap meets the undersleeve (point A in your diagram) you want to try and get as close to a 90 degree angle as possible so that when the sleeve connects to itself it is a smooth curve

Being able to have a sleeve and change only its cap height or bicep width then update automatically to fit perfectly into the body would be amazing. A huge time saver



The next week goals are:

- Author code scheme
- Tests in Author
- Brouet paper summary for memory
- Update this blog





