---
title: "Week  7/11/2023"
excerpt: "Seddi Author"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves Fitting"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- beziercurves
- fitting
tags:
-seddi author

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week5-1.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week5-1.png
    alt: "image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week5-2.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week5-2.png
    alt: "image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week5-3.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week5-3.png
    alt: "image 3"

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:
- Investigate parametric editing on other platforms and document it for the state of the art of memory.-> Installed Clo3d and try parametric pattern tool, but it is only for creating the pattern so you cannot edit those parameters directly(Images 1 & 2).
- Contextual editing in Seddi ask designers (We would be interested ask more than 7 designers) about how the editing of those parameters in Seddi would fit. (Add this to metodology in TFM memory).-> I ask Harrison, Loreto and Sofia, and Loreto said:
->  I am researching how it would be the best option to include parametric pattern editing with sliders.

Editing with sliders can be a very good idea. Easy to use and very fast for pattern editing but I think that more factors should be taken into consideration. Length is something that we change constantly in our garments (t-shirts, skirts, dresses, pants , etc.) But I think that instead of the width of the garment you should work with shapes. For example: if you want to change the width of a skirt you should introduce in some way which type of skirt you want to obtain. If it's a pencil skirt you wouldnt change the width because you want to obtain that straight look. But if you want a bell skirt then you should amplify the distance of the part of the hem to give the skirt a more loose look. But you wouldnt change the distance of the waistband or the hips. I think that you should start with one garment, study the different variations and then measurements you can change with sliders, while also leaving the option of putting a specific measurement. All of this maintains the same size unless you want to change it.

-> One of the questions I have and wanted to ask you is, whether this tool would be more useful before or after sewing?

This is an easier question from my point of view. Normally in 3d fashion softwares you work with 3d visualization of the garment. That means that unless you have your idea pretty clear before starting the process of making a garment, you would be using these sliders at all in the beginning. In fact i think these would be meant for last modifications. For example: you didn't like the final length of your t-shirt and you wanted to add 10 cm more to the length before sending the pattern to your factory. In this case is a service that you offer after sewing. That's how I would work with this.


- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider, be careful with the curvature, there are patterns that are not straight and you not only have to stretch the t-shirt, adjust it with grading rules.-> Added Slider, Input and Back&Front Checkbox and get data but I still haven't been able to lengthen the bottom of the pattern, I have to do more research in the code.
For now the sliders are in the garment propierties because if it's an edition after sewing, I think it has to go there.


{% include gallery caption="Clo3d Paremetric pattern" %}



The next week goals are:

- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider, be careful with the curvature, there are patterns that are not straight and you not only have to stretch the t-shirt, adjust it with grading rules.
- Structure TFM memory
- Ask more designers?




