---
title: "Week  14/11/2023"
excerpt: "Tool design with designers"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves Fitting"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- desing

tags:
- seddi author
- designers


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider in Seddi Author.-> I don't understand very well the Author Code, I'm still investigating how things are going.
- Structure TFM memory:
  I have changed the structure and topic of the work that were established in the applied methodology subject.
  This is the actual structure:
    1. Introduction 
      1.1. Context 
        1.1.1. Fashion and pattern scaling
        1.1.2. Virtual Fashion or 3D Fashion
      1.2. Goals 
      1.3. Requirements
      1.4. Methodology
      1.5. Document structure
    2. State of the art 
      2.1. Fashion design and pattern software
      2.2. Clo3d parametric pattern.
      2.3. POMs
      2.4. Grading rules
      2.5. Seddi
      2.5.1. Seddi Author
    3. Analysis and Development 
      3.1. Analysis of the pattern editing tool in Seddi Author 
      3.2. Bezier Curves Canvas API
      3.3. Development of the pattern editing tool in Seddi Author
        3.3.1. POMS and SLIDERS
        3.3.2. Connectivity between patterns
        3.3.3. Grading rules
      3.4. Validation
    4. Results
      4.1 Examples
    5. Conclusions and future work
      5.1. Conclusions 
      5.2. Future work 
    Bibliography 


- Prepare a documentation to ask designers on the next week reunion about the parametric patterns edition design in Author, comparing Clo3d & Cameo Parameters. -->This is the document done for talk with the designers (DOCUMENTATION)[https://github.com/martaquintana/2023-tfm-migjrv/blob/main/documentation/Parametric%20Pattern%20Editing%20Tool.pdf]



The next week goals are:

- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider, be careful with the curvature, there are patterns that are not straight and you not only have to stretch the t-shirt, adjust it with grading rules. -> By now try to change the position by slider of a selected segment.
- Google Meet with Designers to discuss about the tool desing proposed.




