---
title: "Week 3 & 4.  25/09/2023 - 2/09/2023"
excerpt: "Fitting Bezier Curves"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves Fitting"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- beziercurves
- fitting
tags:
- week 3
- week 4

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week3-1.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week3-1.png
    alt: "image 1"

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this week were:
- Take a look at clo3d, browzwear -> I have watched some videos of hot the have the parametric edition and they select, for example, in clo3d the end of the shirt and a tab appears and you can write it to remove or add cm and it is automatically recalculated in 2d and 3d.
- Study curve-fitting method -> Graphic Gens 1 recursive method in my react app

{% include gallery caption="Fitting Bezier curves" %}

- Read Brouet Paper 

Disscusion with Harrison, With is the best method?:

1- Changing the shape of a curve sewn to another one (e.g:sleeve). There are two options: introduce pucker (controlled by notches, if any), or modify the connected curve so it adapts its length in a variable amount along its path, to match as much as possible the previous seam. This could be decided by the user. Does it make sense? 

This is interesting but we have to pay attention in the sleeves, We have to take into account the relationship with the length of the height of the cap and the width of the biceps, you could also change the angle when you make it longer depending on what you are looking for as an artist, in this case you have to respect the length and the angle.
If you modify in front of the armhole up or down you have to modify it in the back to match.

2- Modifying a measurement in the body (e.g.:chest diameter). This requires to modify the minimum edges to accomodate the pattern to the new measurement, altough it will affect the whole garment through the seam dependencies.  For this we will need to define measurements in 3D in the fit model and projet them to the 2D pattern as lines, defining the constraints. Grading rules could be considered, but this approach is independent (more in the style of Brouet).

By modifying the avatar you can follow the gredding rules, moving by centimeters and interpolating states.
It would also be interesting to be able to modify only the garment in height or width and not change the size, but rather you could make one knowing the measurements of the person who is going to wear it and if, for example, that client needs it to respect the same width but make the shirt shorter.

We have to consider both cases.


The next weeks goals are:

- Review fitting curve
- Talk with Alejandro and Ivan about the new microfrontend for my proyect
- Landing in SEDDI Author 





