---
title: "Week  28/11/2023"
excerpt: "Meeting with Desingers"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves Fitting"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- beziercurves
- fitting
tags:
- seddi author

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week5-1.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week5-1.png
    alt: "image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week8-1.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week8-1.png
    alt: "image 2"

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:
- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider, be careful with the curvature, there are patterns that are not straight and you not only have to stretch the t-shirt, adjust it with grading rules. -> By now try to change the position by slider of a selected segment.

On Monday, I told Alejandro that I was blocked and I didn't understand some things very well and we made a video call. He clarified some things about the state of redux and I think I have it clearer but I haven't achieved anything other than putting a slider in the part of Garment Propierties.



- Google Meet with Designers to discuss about the tool desing proposed.-> We have a meeting with 3 Seddi Designers Loreto, Sofia and Harrison.
In the meeting the concepts were clarified and that they want to be able to define the poms manually, the designers are used to modifying the  points of mesurement (normally length and width of the garments). A POM is a line defined by two points, we have to make a tool to define these poms by the user and then the parametric editing tool to edit the length of the POM line, we have to make a slider for each POM to editing the separation of these two points.
They also do not want the garment to be automatically corrected with connectivity with other patterns and preserving the style with grading rules are independent tasks that should be able to be chosen with a switch.

The TFM goals are:
- Making a Tool to Define POMS
- Once defined POMS, the parametric pattern editing can edit this mesurements with an slider by each POM.
- Switch on/off (to modiffy other POMS automatically) connectivity with the other patterns ex: front and back lenght.
- Switch on/off gradding rules to preserving the style by the POM editing direction.

{% include gallery caption="Slider in Garment Propierties & POM" %}



The next week goals are:

- Modify the length of a t-shirt with a slider, change the position of the selected segment by an slider.





