---
title: "Week 2.  18/09/2023"
excerpt: "Bezier Curves"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "Bezier Curves"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- Testing
tags:
- week 1

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week2-1.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week2-1.png
    alt: "image 1"

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this week were:

- Redux, React + TypeScript with bezier curves: I tried to make the app with redux and I have more or less understood the dispatch and the state of the controlPoints variables, but in the case of this app I have not been able to update the drawing of the bezier curves correctly, I have a problem with the serialization of the data that should not be, I will try again.

- Show and get the bezier curves lenght + scale operations: Now by pressing the e key we can scale the curve x1.2, by pressing m key scale x0.8 and by pressing the l key you can get the estimated length of the curve.

{% include gallery caption="Bezier curves lenght + scale operations" %}


We have to discuss with Harrison, With is the best method?:
    1) Changing the shape of a curve sewn to another one (e.g:sleeve). There are two options: introduce pucker (controlled by notches, if any), or modify the connected curve so it adapts its length in a variable amount along its path, to match as much as possible the previous seam. This could be decided by the user. Does it make sense?

    2) Modifying a measurement in the body (e.g.:chest diameter). This requires to modify the minimum edges to accomodate the pattern to the new measurement, altough it will affect the whole garment through the seam dependencies.  For this we will need to define measurements in 3D in the fit model and projet them to the 2D pattern as lines, defining the constraints. Grading rules could be considered, but this approach is independent (more in the style of Brouet).

The next week goals are:

- Take a look at clo3d, browzwear(?)
- Study curve-fitting method
- Read Brouet Paper




