---
title: "Week  29/01/2024"
excerpt: "More than 2 POMs + Parametric Tool: Connections"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- POMTool
- two POMs
tags:
- seddi author


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---


Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- POM TOOL: Define more than two POM, + UI REACT(visualizate them)+ how to manage them.-> I have added the react component necessary to manage the poms individually (type input, connection and grading checkbox and the slider values) and that when clicking the add and save button the POM is added dynamically.

It would be necessary to review the pom tool so that if you select more things it only takes the last two selected segments or points as pom.

- POM TOOL: Review interiorLines why it is not taking the updated value when it is not waiting for a frame(?) . -> I have to review this.
- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Review connections and how to manage the diferent times of POMS.-> Right now the connections are checked and if they have the same type, the difference in distance of the slider that you move on both POMs moves, but I don't know if it should be like this, or if it should be adjusted the same distance. We have to study it.


*It would be necessary to review how to make the poms and the interior lines for the vertical poms, (length of the shirt and sleeves) the horizontal ones work quite well.


<iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/H3dotVS7o7k" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Things to keep in mind:

- POM: interiorlines Wait requestAnimationFrame  shouldn't be necessary. 
- POM: REVIEW ADD POM to add 2 last selections. & VERTICAL POMS.
- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Connections: What do we want to do with the transformations? Apply the difference in length or the same length of the different POMS(?)

The next week goals are:
-

