---
title: "Weeks  05-12/02/2024"
excerpt: "Improvements POM & PARAMETRIC TOOL"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- POMTool
- two POMs
tags:
- seddi author


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---


Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- POM: interiorlines Wait requestAnimationFrame  shouldn't be necessary. -> Now interiorlines updated when scene.data.pointsofmesure is updated in the Update of the tool.
- POM: REVIEW ADD POM to add 2 last selections. & VERTICAL POMS.-> Now can add more than one pom and can delete them if is necesary.
- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Connections: What do we want to do with the transformations? Apply the difference in length or the same length of the different POMS(?) -> Missing, we want a factor. If we want the same value, you can write the number in the two POMs inputs and then they will move the same distance. If there are diferent values it will move a factor. 

This weeks I did a review of the code and  the points of Measure data are now in scene.data. Conexions and sliders values are updated when there are changes in the scene.
Add POM now can add the interior lines with the hit valude and a t parameter that is saved in the points of measure data to redraw the interior lines when you move the slider.

<iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/TUhLmW_VYNc" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>



The next week goals are:
- Delete Poms when interior line is deleted
- Update slider value when interior line position change
- Differences between horizonal and vertical lines
- See the cursor POM line when you are adding a POM.
- SnapPoints for drawing horizontal or vertical lines.
- Add POM hit & parameter t.
