---
title: "Week  22/01/2024"
excerpt: "POM Tool: 2 POMS transformation"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- POMTool
- two POMs
tags:
- seddi author

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/blog/week13.png
    image_path: assets/images/blog/week13.png
    alt: "image 1"

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---


Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- POM TOOL: Define more than two POM, + UI REACT(visualizate them)+ how to manage them.-> I have to review UI interface.

- POM TOOL: Review interiorLines and set the correct slider value. -> I have some problems updating interiorLines, since the internal lines are in local coordinates, I was trying to do the transformation directly with the length value with the slider and directly modify the path points of the interior lines, but it was not doing it correctly, so what it does now is take again the points of the pom and saves them in the corresponding interior line and redraws. Also I have to review the update of the interior Lines for segments. Other problem I had is that the update of the interior lines has to be one frame later so that it takes the correct value to draw it, otherwise it takes the previous one although the scene is already updated, I don't understand why, I have to review it.

- Ask Harrison abot the UI POM/ PARAMETRIC TOOL DESING.-> I asked Harrison about the design of the tool.

I had a question about how the user interface should look to create the POMs dynamically, putting a specific case to see it better: as you show me with Figma (image) in "Chest" we can manage at the same time the chest POM of the front pattern and the chest POM of the back pattern, but we couldn't move the front pattern and the back pattern independently, the same slider would move both because they are connected or defined by  "Chest". How do we differentiate here that we want to move only one of the POMs?  Because one pattern (Front or back) may be wider than the other.

The idea I have is to create all the diferent Points of Measure in this case: "Chest Front" with its own slider, and the connection checkbox with other patterns, independently of the other pom "Chest Back" with its own slider, and its connection checkbox too, and that if you mark as connected and  move one of the  sliders, the two sliders will move the same centimeters but depending on the value of the slider (distance of the interiorline that joins the POM).(within the data these two POMs would be identified as the same type by the name "Chest" for example and we could identify the connection correspondences between POMs) I don't know if this makes sense.

Or another option, that inside "Chest" would differentiate the two FRONT AND BACK POMs and they would be different sliders but with the same connection checkbox, maybe it is more interesting, but i dont know how the user interface should look like to add the poms and store the data correctly. It would be good to know your opinion.


He told me that "for the POC let's go with your first proposal of having 'Front' and 'Back' chest as 2 separate POMs that are linked. Once we see that working and test it we can decide if the approach needs to be changed. "

So the first option proposed was:


{% include gallery caption="UI CHEST FRONT + CHEST BACK" %}


- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Review connections and how to manage the diferent times of POMS.-> I'm working in how to improve the Parametric tool for more than one POM.


I have had some problems this week with Author, due to updates and changes that the application itself is having that have meant that I cannot advance in the project as much as I would have liked.

The next week goals are:

- POM TOOL: Define more than two POM, + UI REACT(visualizate them)+ how to manage them.
- POM TOOL: Review interiorLines why it is not taking the updated value when it is not waiting for a frame(?) .
- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Review connections and how to manage the diferent times of POMS.

