---
title: "Weeks  19/02/2024"
excerpt: "Improvements POM & PARAMETRIC TOOL"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- POMTool
- two POMs
tags:
- seddi author


author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---


Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- Delete Poms when interior line is deleted-> Added.
- Update slider value when interior line position change-> Added.
- Differences between horizonal and vertical lines-> Horizontal moves 2 segments, vertical only one segment
- See the cursor POM line when you are adding a POM. --> Meeting with Alejandro how to draw in the canvas -> explored options: drawLine & canvas renderables.
- SnapPoints for drawing horizontal or vertical lines.-> Drawing a snap line for total horizontal or vertical lines.
- Add POM hit & parameter t.-> Solved problem with hit.t.

IMPORTANT: FOR DEFINE HORIZONTAL OR VERTICAL LINES; THE GARMENT HAS TO BE IN A CERTAIN ORE¿IENTATION OTHERWISE IT WILL DEFINE HORIZONTAL AS VERTICAL LINES AND VICE VERSA. -> NEW REQUIREMENT

Assume that the orientation of the connected POMS is the same-> REQUIREMENT. (To be more efficient and faster)

I did this video with all the cases of measurement points that we have working right now , on the shirt we still need to add neck drop, shoulder slope/drop and armhole straight. And on the sleeve the Cap Width.

<iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/oOWfbeXqinA" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>



The next week goals are:
- CHANGE INTERIOR LINES FOR NEW POM RENDERABLES  
- Vertical lines-> when you edit horizontal POMS, vertical lines hit should change, now it becomes a diagonal and we don't want that.
- Review Cap width -> Weird  behaviour
- Implement Armhole Straight -> (NEW DIAGONAL LINES) Following the line of the as Harrison told me.
- Review connections -> if 2 POMs are connected, move it proportionally, not the same value.
