---
title: "Week  9/01/2024"
excerpt: "POM TOOL & PARAMETRIC TOOL"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "AUTHOR"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
- POM TOOL
- PARAMETRIC TOOL

tags:
- seddi author

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---
Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:


- POM Tool: draw the interiorLine in worldspace coordinates and save the two points or segments to move in the parametric Tool.-> Now I select the points or segments in local coordinates, then are transformed to global coordinates to draw the interiorLines. We need interiorLines in POM TOOL only to visualizate the points conection and get the length.
I had some questions about the structure of POM to save the data:
  We need some name to identify the different POMs and that when we set the connection value activated, the transformation is applied to all the POMs with the same  id or name or type, going through the array of POMs.

  POM STRUCTCURE REDUX STATE DATA: POM [point1/segment1, point2/segment2]; isDrawing; interiorLine_id; id or name or type; connected; gradding; sliderValue


- Parametric Tool: Move the selected segments or POM , in the centimeters of the interiorLine and update the values and move same distance but diferent direction.-> When you select a segment you can change the position by slider value based on centimeters of the interiorLine.
Some things to consider and improve next week:
    1- Update the value of the slider with the interiorLine Lenght.
    2- Dif between slider value and lenght interior line to get the desplazament value based on cm.
    3- PROBLEM -> Select Tool/Transform Tool: Scale is in local coordinates. Parametric Tool is based on  Pattern editing Tool that the transform is in global coordintates. I have to review this to do the displacement in local coordinates to consider the rotation of the entire pattern.
    4- Update the points/segments positions and the interiorLine points to interiorLine length and slider value match.


The next week goals are:

- POM TOOL: Define more than one POM, visualizate them  and redefine the data structure.
- PARAMETRIC TOOL: Movement in local coordinates, value based on cm of the interiorLine of the POM and slider value.


