---
title: "Weeks  01/04/2024"
excerpt: "OPTIMIZATION PROBLEM"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
  - optimization
tags:
  - seddi author

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---

Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- Avatar change: I was with the first part that Alejandro comments on and I added the avatar change, here you can see what it does in the video and the code https://github.com/martaquintana/2023-tfm-migjrv/blob/main/optimization/author-tool-optimization.ipynb to loop through all the vertices of the preda and calculate the closest vertex of the avatar, calculate the offsets and calculate the new positions.

- Proporcional Scale: At the moment I have even the step "For the new avatar, we take the equivalent correspondences nac1, nac2, nac3 and calculate the new positions of the vertices as nv* = nac* + o\*."
  I show it in the last video I sent you that calculates the proportional scaling of the 3D garment (we calculate the new positions of the vertices for a new avatar)

<iframe width="150" height="100" src="https://youtube.com/embed/16qGupHr9QQ" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Alejandro Rodriguez (Alex) Email talking about Brouet and how can we adapt the methor to our problem:

I have been reading Brouet's paper in detail and I think we are going to have to make several adjustments to give us time to implement something, because it is more complicated than it seems and it is also far from us in some steps. I'm going to summarize a little what they propose, and then what I think we can try to have something quick.

They propose 3 main steps:
Calculate new 3D positions of the garment proportional to the new avatar (section 4)
Modify those 3D positions to be "Design preserving" (sections 5.1 to 5.4)
Calculate a new 2D for the final 3D (section 5.5)
For step 1, they propose to calculate correspondences for each vertex of the garment on the surface of the original avatar, but they do it in a somewhat sophisticated way: they look for correspondences that are orthogonal to one of the bones of the avatar, instead of simply taking the closest point. nearby (Section 4.1 and Figure 6 explain this). They also talk about the fact that in some cases more than one correspondence is needed, and they explain more or less how to consider them, although they do not explain it exhaustively, so we are going to ignore it for now. Once calculated, for each point of the garment they have a correspondence in the avatar and an offset, which is the vector that joins that vertex in the avatar with the vertex of the garment. For the new avatar, the position of a garment vertex is simply the correspondence in the new avatar plus the original offset.

For step 2, they propose a fairly complex alternating numerical optimization to try to recover the original style based on orientation criteria of the new triangles with respect to the original ones, position criteria with respect to the bones associated with the correspondences, and criteria based on collisions with the new avatar.

For step 3, they propose doing a rough flattening of the new 3D, that is, a mesh parameterization, and then heuristically change the boundaries of the 2D result to eliminate noise, although they do not explain well how, and it seems quite delicate.

We could replicate step 1 relatively easily, steps 2 and 3 seem quite complex to implement, and also step 3 does not fit with what we really want, which is to have fairly limited degrees of freedom in the boundary.

I propose the following changes in the 3 steps they have:

Step 1: at the moment we are simplifying it by calculating correspondences by distance, independently of bones and limiting it to one correspondence per vertex. I propose that we try this version to see if it is enough, and if we see that it is not, we implement the one they propose, which is more complicated, because it will require more geometric routines (ray vs. triangle, orthogonality tests, etc.). With what we have right now, I think we only need to calculate the offset for each correspondence in the original avatar as offset = vertex_garment - vertex_correspondencia_avatar, and thus calculate the positions of the garment for the new avatar as vertice_prenda_new = vertex_correspondencia_avatar_new + offset.

Step 2: I propose eliminating it completely, we are left with the 3D that comes from step 1 and step 3 will look for a 2D that minimizes distances with the 3D from step 1. If we see that the system does not give us good results, we see what to put in to have better 3D, but I think trying something here is going to take too much time.

Step 3: Here I propose to make a fairly big change, because to imitate Brouet we would have to do 2D parameterization of the 3D with some external implementation (we don't have time to implement something ourselves) and then fit our 2D edited with POMs to the 2D that comes out of the parameterization, and it's a hassle.

I propose that instead, we calculate some metrics of how each 3D triangle of the garment has been distorted when changing the avatar and we launch an optimization so that the 2D triangles, which will be a function of the POMs, try to replicate those metrics of deformation. We can choose the metrics to be simple, for example, instead of using deformation gradient or something like that, we can stick with length of edges and area of triangles, which will probably be enough.

With these changes, the process for a single triangle t = (v1,v2,v3) would be more or less as follows:

We calculate avatar correspondences ac1, ac2, ac3 and offsets o1, o2, o3 for each vertex.

For the new avatar, we take the equivalent correspondences nac1, nac2, nac3 and calculate the new vertex positions as nv* = nac* + o\*.

We calculate the distortion metrics, for example the edge v2-v1 may have a distortion metric d = ||nv2-nv1|| / ||v2-v1|| , and we would have other metrics for the other 2 edges and for the area.

Now, for the 2D optimization what we are going to have are the 2D vertices of the original garment v2d_initial1, v2d_inicial2, v2d_inicial3, and the new v2d1, v2d2, v2d3 that we want to calculate, and which are a function of the POMs

The next week goals are:

- Calculate the distortion metrics to do the 2D optimization
- 2D optimization which are a function of the POMs (?)
