---
title: "Weeks  11/03/2024"
excerpt: "OPTIMIZATION PROBLEM"

sidebar:
  nav: "docs"

#toc: true
#toc_label: "POM Tool"
#toc_icon: "cog"
classes: wide

categories:
  - optimization
tags:
  - seddi author

author: Marta Quintana
pinned: false
---

Hello!

The objectives I had for this weeks were:

- Following Iván's recommendations and to advance faster in this part of the TFM to be able to finish the development in March, I am going to make a thread of emails to share the daily progress.

Last week we were reading Brouet's Design Preserving Garment Transfer paper. In this paper, a restricted optimization problem is carried out through iterative quadratic minimization following criteria of proportion and scale, shape, fit, balance, manufacturability and collision avoidance. .

The entrance is:

a 3D avatar model

a 2d pattern

a target character (another 3d avatar)

The output is:

a 2d pattern fitted to the target character

In section 4, it talks about how the reference points are calculated (which are "the points of the garment projected on the avatar"), having some points of the garment (pg) the reference points that are even (pb) are calculated. ,pm) bone point and model point which are the local minima of a function that expresses the distance to the model in a direction orthogonal to the bone. -> There is no function that calculates these projections in Seddi currently, we have to perform that function and decide if we only project the pattern points to the model or if we also take into account the avatar rigging bones.

Once you have the reference points, proportional scaling is done using offset vectors, or = ||pg-pm|| which is the distance between the pattern and the model. To calculate the new points of the scaled pattern, do
^pg = ^pm + o \*vbm
where vbm is the direction vector of (^pb,^pm). (Cross parameterization to get ^pb,^pm)

This would be to do a proportional scaling of the entire garment -> We have to see if we can do it only in the segments / points of the POMs or if we also do a global scaling.

Then in section 5 it performs several energy functions to preserve the shape (taking into account the normals of the garment, penalizing rotations), relative locations and fit constraints. But for narrow regions it only takes into account the distance threshold between the garment and the character. I think the latter is what we want, just taking into account the garment-avatar distance.

- These days I have been with the import/export of the scene.
  Since we need the POMs and since it is not possible to obtain them in the export that Alejandro gave me because the POMs are not saved in the seddi database, and the import did not work, I have added a button that exports the scene in a JSON and an input to import the modified JSON, for now if you modify the value of the slider of the poms and the avatar the JSON and import it works, I am now importing the 2d garment, which does it well, I would need to be able to import the 3d garment because now it does not appear and take into account the seams.

The next week goals are:

- Import/export of the scene info from Author to Python Jupyter Notebook.
